hi guys what's up okay so this is going
to be the length chest ohs requested by
my subscribers hey let's stop this guy
so this is my leg check my hair is extra
shrunken right now but I thought it
would be really interesting for you guys
to see the level of shrinkage and also
to see how long my hair actually is okay
so this is advancing Naga i know i just
did a video like promising time i'm
uploading this video i have the tutorial
of how i did this is very fluffy so yeah
this is a bantu knot ah ok yeah let me
start with the front of my head and i
think i'm going to start on my tea tree
oil because i really had like super
growth when i was doing my tea tree oil
and i just did a trim so that's my
friends ok
Fred Seitz like at my collarbone ng hi
and this is one by my ear right here oh
yeah so this is my armpit here so if I
my nipple actually guys TMI with that
it's almost nipple i mean if i were to
stretch it out of it do you know if you
have kinkier you know that everyone you
stretch the air unless you completely
tangle it you know there's a little bit
of legs to lift in there goodnight yeah
you can probably relate if you have
container so yeah it's totally I'd nipa
oh my god the back not the back middle
but the back side because gonna be like
around this thing so it went to that
nipple up and running means like bra
strap length bra strap length guys yeah
so yeah PG brush sharp linked by my ear
ok uh this is underneath one of the five
is under my boob underneath my boob foot
lower brush traveling oh I'm sorry guys
again
play me I mean just awkward I'm talking
to you okay yes the Lord bra strap
length for this side back and the same
on this side of mr. same length
underneath my boobs done that is this my
armpit this is underneath my boob like
for sure so Laura bra bra strap length
lower on the back two sides okay so you
can get a good approximation slow you
know and in the back middle is my
longest section and that is if even when
I swing it over to the front of the back
little right when I swing the back
middle over to the front it's longer
than the cheese side pieces it's about
the same place but a little bit longer
sits underneath the boom right um a
lower bra strap and well under you know
but if I were to pull it in the back
okay so we're gonna pull it in the back
straight down it's past bra strap length
so it mid waist length know what you
would say yeah its waist length its
waist lengthen back chillin in love that
looks way if you see that this is what
I'm not like putting my hands by my head
my head straight and my everything is
straight and it passed my bra so it is
waist length waist lengthen my lower
back middle um the top is I wouldn't say
it's particular I think it's the same as
everything else so the time goes here
look bad and Owen Fiss particularly it's
a decent life and it only comes down to
if i were to stretch it out
past my know it comes down to my
collarbone yeah it comes down to my
collarbone in the top crown area so yeah
if i were to straighten my hair it would
be like a shop where did this come to
look in africa and my hair is naturally
in layers this is the cover so i would
have liked long bangs and we'd be like
it i always think on my hair even though
that's not a good thing of it because
you never see the length of your hair in
its natural state you know what I think
about literally how long my hair or is I
think about what it would look like if
it were straightened really really well
so if my hair was straightened most of
my hair would be like off here and then
in the back and be a little bit lower
like mid waist length so yeah that's my
hair and now like some of it is
elongated but not by much Kenny said can
you tell the shrinkage does but this is
bra strap and it's like sure I'm in
above my shoulder when it's fine really
oh ok guys so doesn't check the pace by
making this video Thank You misguided
for requesting it and this is awesome so
I will see you guys in the next video
later